Hi, I'm Zach. Uh, today I'm excited to
show you how I use a feature in Warp
called prompts to help streamline my
workflow um when I'm working with PRs
and Git commits. And what's really cool
about it is it saves me a lot of time
and a lot of typing. And these prompts
are also usable not just by me, but also
my team. So, why don't I just show you
what I mean? So, let's say I have a PR
in progress here. I can run a git diff
uh to see what's going on. Um sneak
peek. You can also see this diff in warp
that's coming soon. Um but let's say
that I'm at a good spot here and I
actually want to make a commit and I
want this commit to have a sensible
commit message. So I could start typing
get commit and like this is you know
type a huge message. I don't really want
to do that. I want um Warp's agent mode
to create this commit for me. So I could
ask warp to do that but there's a
quicker way which is I have um over here
in warp drive in this panel uh created a
uh saved prompt which um says create com
here I'll open up for you so you can see
it actually. So it creates a commit with
a description and it pushes it to
origin. It gives some instructions on
how to make this commit. Um it
optionally takes an argument. I'm going
to let it do the commit message for me.
Um, and so I could I could run this by
either coming over here and clicking
this, which will put it in. Uh, but it's
actually faster for me to just hit
command P, bring up our command pallet,
and go ahead and search for this save
prompt and run it. And while this is
running, I want to show you some other
cool stuff. So, because this is in warp
drive, this is uh in our team's warp
drive section. So anyone on our team can
actually use this prompt and you can see
who created it. You can see when it was
last run. It's been run today. Uh and
then when I run this, it's going to run
it as a normal agent mode query. Um and
that means it's going to do, you know,
it's going to do all the things that
that Warps agent does. So it will go
ahead and look at my status. It'll look
at the diff. It will uh create this
commit for me, which is exactly what I
want. This does describe accurately
what's going on here. And then it's
going to push it up to origin, which is
cool. This is what I will typically do.
Now, I'm going to go ahead and show some
other save prompts. So, I'm going to go
ahead and run one uh before I make a uh
pull request. I have a prompt that um
will ask the agent to review my code and
look and see if it's good and there's
anything I should change. So, I'm going
to go ahead and run this prompt, which
says, I want you to review my code
changes in the current branch. See if I
have logic or style errors or other
improvements. I find this much faster
than pushing this uh and then reviewing
it in GitHub. Um it's a cool way of
getting some quick feedback. We'll see
if there's anything wrong in this PR. I
actually haven't run this yet. We'll
see. I'm not sure. Probably is. Let's
see what it comes up with. The funny
thing is the agent actually wrote this
code. So if it does uh have problems
with it, uh it can uh maybe fix them
itself. So this says there's a logic
bug, which is interesting. This does
actually look like a bug. Fascinating.
Um,
very, very, very smart. It actually
caught a bug. Caught a potential raise
condition. Okay, so maybe this one isn't
quite ready for a pull request. There
seemed to be some code quality issues.
Again, the agent actually wrote this
code, so this is cool to see it. I'm
going to show you one last prompt, which
is how I would do sort of my complete
workflow here. Let's say that there
weren't all these bugs. Actually, what I
would do right now is probably ask the
agent to fix these bugs. But let's say
there weren't all these bugs. One other
really cool thing that I would use a
prompt for is actually opening a PR. And
so um I'm going to go ahead and um look
for that uh like make a PR
from my open changes. And again, this is
another one of these that I use all the
time. Um and so if I want to do this, I
could just run this. Bam. You get the
idea. Super nice. This obviously isn't
just for get stuff. You can make save
prompts and share them and use them for
any repeatable task that you want to do.
Share them across your team. See when
they're run, edit them, u parameterize
them. So very, very cool feature. Oh,
this is useful.